Add procedure to select columns in the host table (#1928)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_overview-of-the-host-columns.adoc

[id="overview-of-the-host-columns_{context}"]
= Overview of the Host Columns

Below is the complete overview of columns that can be displayed in the host table divided into content categories.

General::

> * Power - current state of the host, on/off

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Power - Whether the host is turned on or off, if available
```

* Name - name of the host
* Operating system - operating system of the host

> * Owner - user owning the host

Reviewer: The owner can also be a group
```suggestion
* Owner - user or group owning the host
```

* Host group - host group of the host
* Boot time - last boot time of the host
* Last report - time of the last host report
* Comment - comment given to host

> Content::
> * Name - name of the host
> * Operating system - operating system of the host
> * Subscription status - does the host have a valid subscription attached.
> * Installable updates - numbers of installable updates divided into four categories: security, bugfix, enhancement, total
> * Lifecycle Environment - lifecycle environment of the host
> * Content view - content view of the host
> * Registered - time when the host was registered to satellite.
> * Last checkin - last time of the communication between the host and the Satellite server

Reviewer: Content is katello-only
```suggestion
ifdef::katello,satellite,orcharhino[]
Content::
* Name - name of the host
* Operating system - operating system of the host
* Subscription status - does the host have a valid subscription attached.
* Installable updates - numbers of installable updates divided into four categories: security, bugfix, enhancement, total
* Lifecycle Environment - lifecycle environment of the host
* Content view - content view of the host
* Registered - time when the host was registered to satellite.
* Last checkin - last time of the communication between the host and the Satellite server
endif::[]
```

Network::
* IPv4 - IPv4 address of the host
* IPv6 - IPv6 address of the host
* MAC - MAC address of the host

Reported data::
* Model - host hardware model
* Sockets - number of host sockets
* Cores - number of host processor cores

> * RAM - host RAM size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* RAM - amount of memory
```

> * Virtual - is the host hardware virtual? yes/no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Virtual - whether or not the host is recognized as a virtual machine
```

* Disks total space - total host storage space
* Kernel Version - Kernel version of the host operating system
* BIOS vendor - vendor of the host BIOS
* BIOS release date - release date of the host BIOS
* BIOS version - version of the host BIOS

> Puppet::

Reviewer: I'm not sure how to deal with this, but AFAIK group this is only there when the Puppet plugin is installed. For upstream Foreman that's true by default, for Katello and Satellite not and the user has to opt in.

Author: Understood. I added the note.

Reviewer 2: Yes, this should be only present if Puppet plugin is enabled.

[id="overview-of-the-host-columns_{context}"]
= Overview of the Host Columns

> Below is the complete overview of columns that can be displayed in the host table divided into content categories.

Reviewer 3: Should this be sorted in alphabetical order?

Maybe also add "For more information on adding columns to the host overview page, see xref:...[]."

Author: I can add the xref, good idea. As far as sorting goes, I used the exact order of the Project web UI. It could also be sorted alphabetically but I think this way user can find the description faster if they look for a specific column.

Reviewer 3: I am fine either way, as long as it's not random. If you go with the order like in the Web UI, please add a small comment to the source file.

Author: Added :+1:

General::
* Power - Whether the host is turned on or off, if available
* Name - name of the host
* Operating system - operating system of the host
* Owner - user or group owning the host
* Host group - host group of the host
* Boot time - last boot time of the host
* Last report - time of the last host report
* Comment - comment given to host

ifdef::katello,satellite,orcharhino[]
Content::
* Name - name of the host
* Operating system - operating system of the host
* Subscription status - does the host have a valid subscription attached.
* Installable updates - numbers of installable updates divided into four categories: security, bugfix, enhancement, total
* Lifecycle Environment - lifecycle environment of the host
* Content view - content view of the host

> * Registered - time when the host was registered to satellite.

Reviewer 4: Some descriptions end with a dot, some don't. Not sure which is correct, but we shouldn't do both

Author: Thanks for noticing! I think I will remove the dot from everywhere.

* Last checkin - last time of the communication between the host and the Satellite server
endif::[]

Network::
* IPv4 - IPv4 address of the host
* IPv6 - IPv6 address of the host
* MAC - MAC address of the host

Reported data::

> * Model - host hardware model

Author: Thanks, added :+1:

[id="overview-of-the-host-columns_{context}"]
= Overview of the Host Columns

Below is the complete overview of columns that can be displayed in the host table divided into content categories.
For more information on how to customize columns in the host table, see xref:selecting-host-columns_{context}[].

// Columns are ordered as in the Web UI
General::
* Power - Whether the host is turned on or off, if available
* Name - name of the host
* Operating system - operating system of the host
* Owner - user or group owning the host
* Host group - host group of the host
* Boot time - last boot time of the host
* Last report - time of the last host report
* Comment - comment given to host

ifdef::katello,satellite,orcharhino[]
Content::
* Name - name of the host
* Operating system - operating system of the host
* Subscription status - does the host have a valid subscription attached
* Installable updates - numbers of installable updates divided into four categories: security, bugfix, enhancement, total
* Lifecycle Environment - lifecycle environment of the host
* Content view - content view of the host

> * Registered - time when the host was registered to satellite

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Registered - time when the host was registered to {Project}
```

> * Last checkin - last time of the communication between the host and the Satellite server

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Last checkin - last time of the communication between the host and the {ProjectServer}
```

endif::[]

Network::
* IPv4 - IPv4 address of the host
* IPv6 - IPv6 address of the host
* MAC - MAC address of the host

Reported data::
* Model - host hardware model (or compute resource in case of virtual hosts)
* Sockets - number of host sockets
* Cores - number of host processor cores
* RAM - amount of memory
* Virtual - whether or not the host is recognized as a virtual machine
* Disks total space - total host storage space
* Kernel Version - Kernel version of the host operating system
* BIOS vendor - vendor of the host BIOS
* BIOS release date - release date of the host BIOS
* BIOS version - version of the host BIOS

> Puppet (only if the Puppet plugin is installed)::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Puppet (only if the Puppet plug-in is installed)::
```
